Congratulations, you've successfully completed this course.
The course on GRC as it relates to cybersecurity.
Now, let's go over some of what we learn together.
In our GRC overview,
we learned what GRC is and then what security GRC is,
we then define specific GRC roles for our organization,
we talked about how each of those roles interrelate, and then finally,
we discussed how GRC professionals must be
able to interpret their organizations GRC needs.
In governance, we talked about what governance is for the organization.
We learned that governance professionals act as a bridge
between the business and security through strategic thinking,
and that they act as a bridge between security
and the rest of the organization championing security through end-user training.
Then we learned about one of the most critical functions of
the governance organization, designing control measurement.
We talked about how to measure those controls and the report out on results.
Then finally, we talked about how to build security policies and procedures.
In risk management, we understood how to manage risk.
We also talked about how to practice risk management in your organization,
and we talked about how risk management actually
operates in a cybersecurity organization today.
In compliance, we discovered some of the origins of compliance.
We also talked about what compliance is and
the obligation sources that create compliance for organizations.
We also talked about how to evaluate those obligations horses for
your unique situation and how to perform
control assessments against your compliance obligations.
Finally, in audit fundamentals,
we talked about how to manage audits appropriately for your organization,
and we talked about how to deal with the follow-up and remediation.